-: Welcome back!
In this lecture we are going to create the user
management service deployment and then note port service.
So as part of that we are going to create,
all the things one more time.
If you see here, so whatever we have created earlier,
which is nothing but QCTL get all, so the
storage class, and then persistent volume claim,
and already deployment of MySQL,
and then MySQL plus I try service everything I have deleted.
So there is there is a reason for it.
So let's go ahead and then observe why we have deleted.
So whenever you're executing this QCTL command,
so which is apply hyphen cube manifests,
you should be in those respective folder for that section.
So we are in 0 4 0 3 User Management Microservices
with MySQL db, right?
So inside cube manifest you'll have all the five things now
okay, so 0 1, 0 2, 0 3, 0 4, 0 5, 0 6, and then 0 7.
All these seven things templates,
whatever is there, all are available.
So let's come out of cube manifest,
and then say QCTL, apply, hyphen F cube manifest.
Okay? So it is going to create all this stuff now for us.
Okay? Which is nothing but storage class,
persistent volume claim, config map, deployment service,
for my skill and deployment service,
for our user management service.
So let's see that parts now.
Okay, so now container is creating, but already
user management microservice container already got created.
So if you see locks minus F,
So what happens is before MySQL got created,
user management microservice got created.
So, but it'll fail because MySQL is not ready.
It'll restart the port.
So you can see here now here, Okay?
Because it's MySQL is not available.
It'll restart once, and after that
again in the next restart, if it
finds the port, then it is going to MySQL port
then it is going to connect to the MySQL.
Okay, so now let's see what happens.
Okay, see now it is User Management
Microservices Authenticate.
So it has restarted the container for the fact,
that for the first time MySQL is not ready.
So to identify this type of issues,
I have deleted everything and then whatever we have done
during the MySQL section and then recreated now.
So, how to solve this?
Okay, So which means our
application container should not start
before the MySQL container starts.
So how to do this?
In our next section we are going to look into.
But for now our application is up and running
which is User Management.
And also our MySQL project up and running, right?
So if these two are up and running,
What is our current job?
Is to get that note port, note port
and note IP address, right?
So 3 1 2 3 1, whatever we have given,
directly in our service.
So we'll get that, and we'll also get the
note public IP address and take that,
and then access it, and then test it on the browser.
So this is the external IP.
So we will use this IP.
Any one of the IP we can use it.
So let's go here.
Right?
-: So STTP, colon, slash, slash, IP, colon
and then 3 1 2 3 1 is our note port.
And the context should be user MGMT,
slash, health status page, for our microservice application.
The same thing will be present,
for you in our raw documentation.
Also here, so if you see here,
this is the one EKS for cannot public IP 3 1 2 3 1,
is the port and user MGMT slash health status.
Okay, So this tells that our microservice
application, is just up running.
So let's access this and see, what happens, Okay.
So if I make it bigger, User Management Services
up and running and the version is V.1.
So you can very clear to see that our Rest
Application is up and running or our Microservice
Application is up and running.
So in addition to that, if you want to see
QCTL get storage class, coma
persistent volume claim and also persistent volume
you can even see those things now.
So storage class, EBS, CSI,
AWS is provision and it's a volume claim,
also bounded to the volume, and this is the volume
with 4GB capacity. Okay?
So which is here right?
Default EBS, MySQL
So that's about it.
So, now in our next lecture we are going to focus
on Test the Rest services present in this User
Management Application using Postman.
Okay, So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.